docs: change readme (#28)
defi-wonderland/natspec-smells: README.md

Just run:

```
npx @defi-wonderland/natspec-smells --include src --exclude "src/**/*.sol" "(test|scripts)/**/*.sol"
```

> **Please note** that the `--include` and `--exclude` parameters accept a glob string as input. Therefore, it is necessary to enclose these strings in quotes.

Reviewer: How about a [highlight](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925)?
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]  
> Remember to put quotes around the glob strings when using the `include` and `exclude` options.
```
